hey everybody welcome back to on the
line please the binding of issac I am a
little bit sick however I'm gonna
persevere I'm not that under the weather
just my voice sounds bad and I feel
terrible but apart from those two things
to all God and it's ultra hard Oh apart
from those two things right there it's
not that bad though so what is ultra
hard let's go give ourselves a little
reasoning here ultra hard
it's like consumables never drop you got
a fight magazine you got a beat mega
saving through the dark room all enemies
are champion forms champions will not
drop any collectibles you get all of the
curses every floor and they can't be
purged there are no hearts to be found
on the run except for items that
normally give you hearts anyway oh good
well remember this people say oh you'll
it's not that hard of a job playing
video games in the Internet yeah but
what if the video games are like mildly
more difficult in the standard form is
it still so easy then Susan I don't
think so
we're gonna try it regardless though in
the hopes that like perhaps my altered
state is like maybe perhaps even
appropriate I think I'm gonna be holding
our here as I want to get to the
starting room I want the starting room
to have an item room adjacent to it is
what I mean
because here's the way I see this going
first off I've already done the ultra
hard challenge it's mad annoying if
you're gonna go well you just gave up
your ability to say that you beated
first try there then by all means but
I'll accept an acquiesce however I think
like the only realistic way I'm coming
out of this video with a w not this run
necessarily but this video alright Tom
well you may leave is if we get a good
item room right off the bed that good
item room allows us to get a deal with
the devil
that deal with the devil is good enough
that I can realistically not take very
much damage and kill champions
relatively quickly I think that's our
game plan totally fine with the puberty
pill um we're gonna use big fan to deal
damage because we've already kind of
ruined our deal with the devil chance
here if you can't I don't even think we
can get well I'll wait until we find the
tinted rock because I'm not sure if you
can get tinted rocks to payout with
spirit hearts but if you can't get them
to pay out of spirit hearts what the
what are they good for well small rock
perhaps even a higher incidence of small
rock for all I know thinking of like
some of the combinations we could have
here obviously something with like life
gain would be good so we can get even
like placenta but charm of the vampire
might be slightly more appropriate um
that might be good or just like
pyromaniac and a lot of bombs would also
be good oh my god I know they scurry but
I thought they scurry away they're
scurrying towards me and I don't
appreciate their magnetics Karina's
please gimpy um it could be useless but
if not useless then I guess potentially
pretty good we'll see anyway I think
this is it's almost like playing the
lost way way way back in the day we got
to boss fights coming up here what was
it like playing as the lost way way back
in the day it was harder but simpler you
just usually held or until you got a
good item right off the bat that gave
you like even a modest chance of coming
away with the victory okay I basically
let him walk into me there that was not
a smart decision let's try this again
we're gonna we're gonna go for some high
percentage plays here mom's bottle of
pills not good enough not necessarily
terrible but not good enough this by the
way if you're saying NL you're breaking
the spirit of the challenge I would say
like absolutely not true I think the
spirit of this challenge is frustration
and I will be frustrated by the end of
this I could be napping right now my
dudes I slept for 11 hours last night I
know and I'm not complaining a lot of
people don't have that luxury I'm just
saying like my mind is telling me yes
but my body is telling me no it's like
the opposite of the r.kelly song and yet
here I am doing everything I can 8 Inch
Nails is worth giving this a shot I
think and I do see a tinted rock we need
one more bomb that's not it but I'm kind
of thinking we might have a chance here
I'm what dude curse of the maze actually
saved us it gave us an item room and a
boss room right off the bat I would like
to use that tinted rock but I would also
like to not have to if you know what I
mean so see what the item room is kinda
don't love that I guess we're gonna
exclusively run into champion bosses if
they're available to box of spiders it's
not great necessarily but it's also
decidedly not horrible mild synergy had
worst with 8-inch nails here we got the
damage upgrades and what does the dark
haunt do it's just ah I thought I had a
perfect spot there okay well clearly I
not only do not have a perfect spot I
don't know what I'm doing I thought he
was just spiders but he's spiders and
and shots as the shots that are killing
me right now
we still have a 30-ish percent chance of
a deal with the devil that's nothing to
sneeze at you're dead 36 I think mom's
underwear for a range upgrade is
effectively actually completely
worthless I would say range ends up only
rarely being a problem but pin goes down
we beat the odds we get a surprisingly
good deal with the devil maybe it even
takes us on the path to guppy them aka
enlightenment we did it now Oh mr. dolly
tears upgrade is solid we don't know
what these deals are go ahead I can't I
I want to because there's a lot of items
that it could be that would be really
good but I actually just cannot but now
we don't have to worry about ruining our
deal with the devil chance I'm actually
like really pleased with where we're at
now I'm wicked sad by the way I went to
Seattle and picked up Boston language
apparently I got my paksas mixed up
which is why I'm sick by the way I'm
pretty confident I told this story on
the N LSS but like that's playing a game
now mind you not the healthiest weekend
to begin with you know the average meal
is like a cheeseburger you're shaking a
lot of hands but I did tell the story on
the LSS I was playing a game and a
dude's knees so close to my ear it
actually vibrated my earlobe I'm not
saying that's how I got sick it's not
like I necessarily took great care of
myself this weekend however if I could
shirk responsibility slightly that's
that's what I'm gonna choose to do here
yeah what I was getting at is that we
actually cannot get any spirit hearts
apparently mr. dolly gave us nothing to
begin with and then
obviously we got none out of that tinted
rock and in fact we actually got nothing
out of that tinted rock which is far
worse than getting no spirit hearts that
mist I don't know what you want here
actually like box of spiders is probably
better bob's rotten head is not
particularly strong but it is kind of
nice I guess
for killing enemies that might get too
close to you we have a key we should go
back for it oh you almost blew that one
go back for that key we need it it's a
special key to is that what special K's
been all this time just special keys so
this should be a long run hopefully this
one ends up being a long run I just mean
like video wise this should end up being
a long video we got to go as far as the
game will ever go and it really does fit
that kind of like the irony of Isaac
challenges that the more difficult
challenges also go further they're not
more difficult necessarily because they
go further but for whatever reason
Tyrone's got his troll engine working in
full effect yeah I saw that one coming a
mile away
we really just can't afford to get hit
like I maybe that's as simple as it
comes down to here we just need to not
get hit and if we can do that the
world's our burrito this could be the
one I don't remember what it took to win
ultra harder to beat ultra hard the the
first time we did it I do remember it
being a slog though I remember doing
maybe three videos maybe four videos
even on ultra hard but it has been a
while no I don't want to go to the shop
we're on the road to nowhere there we go
Capricorn all stats up really important
for many reasons that I will dictate now
the merriam-webster English dictionary
defines success as blah blah nom to see
the bit here as I take off my hoodie is
that I'm trying to write an essay from
the perspective of someone applying for
college
you stupid idiots why didn't you just do
what I did and go to college ten years
ago then you could be as successful as
me they're all the kids these days don't
know how good they got it
this is not an ill-advised Bill Cosby
impressions just in the natural state of
my voice when I'm a little under the
weather there's nothing nothing more
bhaiyya than that
Capricorn stats upgrade yes but also it
gave us HP which is extremely valuable
you know what would actually be really
good for us is young heart and I'll
never hear me say that so I must be sick
if I'm starting to value young heart as
an item but I think it actually is like
a 10 out of 10 here the ability to
actually regenerate some red hearts oh
my god we got pyromaniac are we actually
gonna beat ultra heart on our first
attempt we need bombs or like what's let
me run you through the the paces here
also where the heck do we go my nose is
like so stuffed up Axl knows more like
Axl knows more like hey give me some HP
hey give me some HP thank you uh as long
as we can maintain bombs even the speed
upgrade there is pretty good as long as
we can maintain bombs we're in an
amazing position we essentially have 12
red hearts right now just stored up
which is unbelievably useful that sucked
pretty bad is unbelievably useful
because normally at this point in the
game you have zero I haven't taken a
math class too recently but I believe
that twelve is better than zero most of
the time plus with Goathead even if we
lose HP we don't compromise our deal
with the devil chance I'm beginning to
think this could be the one and it would
be super early let's not get too cocky
we still got to be mega Satan the stats
are good they might even be like
borderline very very good but
we still to play pretty well I think to
come away with the W on this run
regardless and we still want to
endeavour to get hit as little as
possible because of course we do you
know it's still they take no pleasure
and getting hit by a spider or something
like that I'm assuming Bible tract will
do absolutely nothing for us say it
again say it louder for the people in
the back something people say on Twitter
these days I'm aware I spent some time
in the Twitterverse uh I don't think
it's worth two bombs for a golden chest
let's just beat these bosses uh you're
not pin by the way I know you said pin
you don't appear to be pin you appear to
be mega fatty and then pin is like the
appetizer at best mega fatty is the
annoying one I guess we should go for a
matchstick even though I think the speed
upgrade is pretty solid
matchstick giving us more bombs would be
really useful matchstick imprisoning me
all that I see you know it's won by
Metallica let's one by Metallica
actually hello PIM hello pin the third
what are you doing here do you have to
be on every boss fight is that all
champion cave bosses have pin attached
to them for some reason give me back my
baritone rhinovirus Kiska say sniff
sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff sniff
sniff sniff sniff where we got
polydactyly not great I'm assuming by
the way that the lovers card does
nothing still can't take it I should may
there's a case to be made you probably
take one of the two hard deals on one of
the first two floors instead of just
always going for the one hard deal we
would possibly slash probably be dead if
we did that but I can't say for certain
we might not be I have to imagine the
curse room is probably the wrong choice
I know you're thinking you know nine
lives could be very very good any
progress towards guppy very very good
but the removal of any items or any any
payouts that give us spirit or black
hearts is enough to put me in a another
mind about how to make a decision there
I don't think that it's necessarily a a
good choice much less a great choice of
the Theon variety and now was that jokes
about Theon Greyjoy's yes it yes it was
look okay I'm not messing with you I
kind of like being sick mildly sick and
I've told this story before but first
off you want to talk about like first
world not even problems but like first
world blindness oh yeah
being a little ill is really it's kind
of fun you know but really you get a
good excuse to like lay in bed and like
you know watch some movies eat some
chicken noodle soup or something like
that
you can eat chicken noodle soup like it
normally but everyone's gonna ask you if
you're sick so you might as well take
advantage of it sprinkler sure let's
let's try it I think for the specific
fights like mega Satan for example
that's pretty good do we have to beat
like the hush no cuz the hush is all
based on timing yeah that wouldn't be
right
I'd be surprised unicorn stomp also
tempting but once every six rooms I
think means we're not gonna do it
so yeah I'm not like some people are
babies when they get sick and that's
fine I'm not gonna call him out but
they're like little sniffles mom can you
bring me a kale salad see I deliberately
made that person a caricature of myself
but dude I love kale salad
I'm not getting jacked anytime soon but
like I just slided love the taste of
that dark leafy green if you know what I
mean um we might as well check the shop
out you got something
nothing
I didn't mean to buy that the card could
be good though yeah especially now that
it's temperance um terrible terrible
damage be very careful here and like I'm
not even comfortable being at this level
of HP because there's no reason to be
okay okay Hoss card is so good okay
throw down temperance card blow yourself
up take care of that lock up pretty good
even though gimpy will never give us
anything I don't want to go too much
deeper in this I'll tell you what we'll
do one more just wanted enough money to
like conceivably buy something next
floor not too pleased with that but I am
very very pleased with the chaos card um
anyway the point is I'm not a baby when
I'm sick I I think I'm very lucky
honestly like I do work in a job where I
have to use my voice and that's
frustrating because you know I don't
sound like myself but the brain is still
there plus I kind of appreciate that
it's a fever is like a little bit of an
altered state you know if it's not gonna
be if it's not gonna kill you
or cause you undue duress it's kind of a
weird mental vacation if you will
plus for some reason well being sick
I've gotten really like a lot better and
player unknowns battlegrounds which is
something that makes no sense to me
whatsoever but I'm still in many ways I
find myself quite happy with it so I did
decide to go to the cursed room after
all that and we got a guppy item which
I'm quite happy with because we have
non-stop deals with the devil
now I have no idea where I'm going and
I'm starting to realize realize the
wrong word I'm starting to remember what
happened to us on the ultra hard
challenge in the past which is that you
get to later floors and you just want to
die because you have no knowledge of
where's
to be going and it's like the stupidest
design choice well it might be a little
too far but it's an extremely annoying
design choice to derive pleasure from
just having your players walk back and
forth between the same rooms over and
over but I'm not gonna give them the
satisfaction of being mad about it
because I think that that just plays
into their into their hand basically
yeah yeah I remember being back here and
there and the sad thing is there's
nothing you can do about this if we get
blank card Emperor we could do something
about it but okay and then this was a
dead end
yeah so how you doing guys good yeah me
too um this is a very smart decision to
add to this game I think it's just
really just elevated the whole system
right okay so this is the curse room
this is the steeple definitely been down
here oh we have not been down here
though if we see red chests I think we
have to go for it you know we're rolling
the dice to try to get a guppy situation
even golden chests could give us items
so you got to check it obviously didn't
work out but now after waiting so long I
will use the sprinkler and probably end
up not getting a charge for our boss
fight you know we could really use as
well as piercing shots I'm not
complaining about our current situation
but keep in mind that you know we're
we're not in a normal run either so just
because our stats look great for a
normal run not necessarily indicative of
how it's gonna be long term we are
necropolis so we got like the mom fight
coming up so we're gonna miss an item
now that think about it from the mom
fight it's gonna be forcing us to pick
up the negative but if we live we'll get
a deal with the devil after that mom is
actually a fairly tough enemy to fight
with pyromaniac she'll kick your bombs
away cause some problems potentially but
I don't think there's any reason to be
needlessly like pessimistic about this
run right now beyond the obvious like
difficulty of it every bomb could be the
difference between life and death chaos
karna mega satan is a big play we could
even use the chaos car to
Isak instead but I think probably using
a one phase of manga stating this is a
smarter get juicy sac sticky babies it's
like an item nicknamed feels like not
that it has a nickname I mean literally
Nick nicknamed it but he didn't but it
sounds like an item name that he would
create you know what I mean so every
bomb is very valuable at this point just
realized since we're on necropolis we're
not going to really have anything else
to do with our money unfortunately I
think we still made the right call to
save bombs like having one extra HP from
an endo speed upgrade from the blood
bank play would be fine we did get an
emperor card however not super
displeased about now you know we got to
be getting I think it was smart to save
like a few bombs to roll with I mean I
gotta admit I do have a bit of a good
day quill Isak track record like my
Isaac track record is okay off dayquil
but on dayquil like I've had some
lights-out videos this could be the one
so we beat this floor cuz we're close to
the end we use the chaos card I know we
say we use the emperor card to get
through the womb and then the Sheol
can't even have duplicate
I'm sorry double the floors cuz it's
just Sheol you know just is what it is
and we definitely do not want to use
chaos card originally I said Isaac but
we definitely don't want to use it
against Satan because there's multiple
phases of the Satan fight so we're not
getting much money for value instead
we'd probably pop it against the first
phase of the mega satan fights so we
don't have to fight all the garbage
enemies
okay let's do it
Wow okey-dokey we got healed immediately
so these are not the worst enemies to
fight and I really want to use bombs but
I'm not gonna it just doesn't seem like
there's a great reason to I would love
for these guys to drop all stats
particulars particularly something along
the lines of like you know magic mush
it's unlikely that it'll happen but if
it does great dps is up there
HP is up there like having three HP
would be quite nice if we can't get any
of that to manifest then I'll take what
I can get but HP with like an added
benefit would be high up there
so all stats is really just HP plus like
every added benefit this fight is gonna
be fine
even if he jumps on us he usually heals
us afterwards I think not on the quick
jumps but like that one for example wow
whatever we'll figure it out I'm just
gonna heal myself up a mega fatty
whatever actually think caffeine pill is
totally fine here I'm going to kind of
waste a bomb to help myself out - pardon
me
real sneeze but real sneezes real cases
Judge Judy real sneeze okay read mom my
favorite series of young adult fantasy
novels about a mouse and also probably
the easiest opportunity to beat this
fight what I would love to see is nine
lives I mean we actually are gonna have
to make a pretty important decision
about whether or not we take these deals
with the devil which means in the end it
would probably be best if we actually
fought Krampus and got like a lump of
coal but in my head I'm gonna be like
what if they're guppy though we already
have Guppies collar which can bring us
back if we get hit but the less HP we
have the worst pyromaniac becomes
especially if we have one HP versus two
- makes it useful one makes it useless
so at least once we get down to the the
womb
the other thing you do is steal one item
with the emperor card but I don't think
stealing one item with the emperor card
is worth it
but I'm stoked because we are fighting
Krampus and even Krampus his head would
be a better pickup I don't like that I
didn't get the heel off of that but it's
lump of coal which is the the ideal
outcome we'll head down to the next
floor and pretty much immediately we're
gonna emperor card just see what the
room has to offer
yeah let's Emperor we still got chaos
and of course we should be fighting a
boss before this and we're gonna walk
back and fight that boss because it's
one of the last opportunities for us to
get items that we can reasonably see
here um I gotta get over like my mental
issue here of there's really no reason
to to bomb ourselves right now cuz if we
get hit once we're gonna be one hit away
from death if we get hit once after
healing ourselves once we're gonna be
one hit away from death so we might as
well save our bomb even if it doesn't
feel quite right right now nice that was
actually pretty well handled given the
circumstances we could have panicked
pretty hard there was some enemies that
rush you down pretty fast when we
managed to survive
caffeine pill will keep us from getting
hit here hopefully and we in this
we still have goat head so yeah I mean
you might as well check it that
something about that room just screams
like ghost baby to me no good move good
move to get out I could have stood there
and try to make that bomb work would
have been a bad decision I think
something's got to give Diane Keaton
Jack Nicholson Amanda Peet Keanu Reeves
2005 underrated romantic comedy you
might think it's only for septage
anarion 'he's not true nonagenarian
'he's love it as well dude just give it
up okay
okay okay get dust we've survived
we got three bombs not a lot tiers
upgrade quite nice
we have to go downwards cuz we have the
negative or doesn't matter it matters it
matters I can't take the deal you're
offering me I have to oh you're right
with 19 cents we could fight the hush
but that's not the right play as much as
I wish it were it's not I know you're
thinking go down fight the hush you get
the double item rooms and you take one
item out of the shop it could be a path
to victory and I'm not disputing that
but I'm skeptical and I think I think if
you search your heart and you put
yourself in my shoes on this run you
would you would say the same thing like
ultra-hard is not a run I want to I want
to you know make light of right now it's
a challenging run we are finding
ourselves probably like slightly behind
the curve stat-wise now - really really
good rate of fire would never dispute
that everything else little iffy at this
point even our damage you know we had
six point four five damage from like the
third floor onwards so I'm not convinced
that we're really benefitting in a huge
way from being in this position right
now but I do think we've held it
together on this running even more than
just having a great run starting the run
off with a great item is a huge help you
want the run to get easier as time goes
on that's that's the one of the central
tenets of like winning Isaac is your
runs get easier as time goes on it's the
idea anyway it's the dream
we don't need the penny we also don't
need your thought control if I have to
heal myself maybe we should do it to a
spades if you have to heal myself maybe
we should do it on the mirror at which
point we might get some pills and/or
cards I'm really just trying to hold
things together here we can only get hit
twice we didn't really get a lot of HP
on this run
now hilarious I'm not really complaining
about a lack of HP I think we've
actually managed to get pretty lucky
we're actually at full health after
getting hit which is quite rare but um
we've gotten really good items
especially pyromaniac like situationally
always pretty good but on this run that
an actual like 20 out of 10 I know
you're gonna ask yourself how did you
not get hit here wow that was scary um
okay let's try this had to still have 5
bombs not an insignificant amount and
all we need to do if we beat Satan we're
free I will use one bomb in two keys if
we beat Satan we make it down you got 1
cent out of that if we beat safe you
hear me out here we make it down
please pop up bad timing
extremely bad timing how did we not get
hit there if we beat Satan we only have
to kill the second phase of magazine
much rather kill the second phase of
mega Satan than the first one you have
to be out of your gourd to do those in
Reverse come on dude who knows how much
impact like the matchstick has had on
this run as well presumably it's one of
the only it's the only reason we have
bombs left at this point we've gotten
way more than five bombs I'm assuming as
a direct result of the matchstick but I
mean I guess there's no way for me to
say that with authority necessarily four
bombs left
now the Satan fight is I mean many
things it's here it tends to be fairly
difficult and it also abuses bombs or a
bomb for the first stage so we got to be
careful about that you know we want to
save bombs as well but I think we'll
probably try to use a bomb to choose the
fall and fight a little faster than
usual and we'll also put the sprinkler
like right there the idea quite simply
being that the first phase of Satan is
just gonna hang out like right there so
second phase sorry now if there is a
benevolent force in this universe it
will give me to guppy items in the red
chest that we get on the chest excuse me
since when does Satan fly around that he
has never done this before it's like
they patched in something new just for
ultra-hard kind of a jerk move and we
only have two bombs left they also only
have one luck so you know I am NOT going
to waste a lot of time on the chest
doing rooms that seems very foolish to
me and by the chest I mean that the you
know dark room but like are you
impressed we might have a chance here to
be doing Li this ok oh ok that's nothing
take away tears up tears explosive
diarrhea would have been a great one to
bring in but that's fine we got more
pills out of it regardless infested we
definitely I was just gonna say we
definitely should not be doing this but
here we are and we are doing
probably the safer play now is to not
use chaos card right off the bed but I'm
gonna use chaos card right off the bat
please tell me he doesn't even spawn a
phase to still spawn to Phase two we
just got to keep him on the screen so we
know what he's doing it was the it was
the health down I've never been more
upset about anything in my whole life
can't you tell from the tone of my voice
we had ultra hard cinched up I ruined it
and that's what hurts me I took the
pills I should not have taken the pills
and we died so instantly it's just like
what a catastrophe I'm gonna go take the
world's longest nap for now thanks for
watching hope you guys have enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
helps out a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time